Add SLA page (#296)
amplication/amplication-site: content/sla.md

### 1.2 Customer Must Request Financial Credit

In order to receive any of the Financial Credits described above, Customer must notify Amplication technical support within 30 days from the time Customer becomes eligible to receive a Financial Credit. Customer must also provide Amplication with server log files showing loss of external connectivity errors and the date and time those errors occurred. If Customer does not comply with these requirements, Customer will forfeit its right to receive a Financial Credit. If a dispute arises with respect to this SLA, Amplication will make a determination in good faith based on its system logs, monitoring reports, configuration records, and other available information.

### 1.3 Maximum Financial Credit

The maximum aggregate number of Financial Credits issued by Amplication to Customer for all Downtime Periods in a single billing month will not exceed 50% of the amount due from Customer for the Covered Service for the applicable month. Financial Credits will be in the form of a monetary credit applied to future use of the Service and will be applied within 60 days after the Financial Credit was requested.

## 2. Response Times

> 2.1 Customer will report all support issues with the Software service via Amplication support email at [support@amplication.com](C:\Users\USER\Downloads\support@amplication.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1 Customer will report all support issues with the Software service via Amplication support email at [support@amplication.com](mailto:support@amplication.com).
```
